README.md, before:

# Introduction

## Repo Info
This repo is an aggregator, I added to it several commits from other forks. A list can be in the `CHANGES.md`. 

## What is µGUI?
µGUI is a free and open source graphic library for embedded systems. It is platform-independent
and can be easily ported to almost any microcontroller system. As long as the display is capable
of showing graphics, µGUI is not restricted to a certain display technology. Therefore, display
technologies such as LCD, TFT, E-Paper, LED or OLED are supported. The whole module
consists of three files: **ugui.c**, **ugui.h** and **ugui_config.h**.

## µGUI Features
* µGUI supports any color, grayscale or monochrome display
* µGUI supports any display resolution
* µGUI supports multiple different displays
* µGUI supports any touch screen technology (e.g. AR, PCAP)
* µGUI supports windows and objects (e.g. button, textbox, checkbox)
* µGUI supports platform-specific hardware acceleration
* 16 different fonts available
* cyrillic fonts supported
* TrueType font converter available ([https://github.com/AriZuu](https://github.com/AriZuu))
* integrated and free scalable system console
* basic geometric functions (e.g. line, circle, frame etc.)
* can be easily ported to almost any microcontroller system
* no risky dynamic memory allocation required

## µGUI Requirements
µGUI is platform-independent, so there is no need to use a certain embedded system. In order to
use µGUI, only 3 requirements are necessary:
* a C-function which is able to control pixels of the target display.
* a C-function which is able to flush the framebuffer to the target display(See `CHANGES.md`).
* integer types for the target platform have to be adjusted in ugui_config.h.

## Modifications in this Fork

See `CHANGES.md`.

Commit message:

Added X11 simulator. Fixed build. Still need some refactoring, but it is functional.

README.md, after:

# Introduction

## Fork Info
This repo is an aggregator, I added to it several commits from other forks also some modifications I believe are valuable. A list can be found in `CHANGES.md`.

## What is µGUI?
µGUI is a free and open source graphic library for embedded systems. It is platform-independent
and can be easily ported to almost any microcontroller system. As long as the display is capable
of showing graphics, µGUI is not restricted to a certain display technology. Therefore, display
technologies such as LCD, TFT, E-Paper, LED or OLED are supported. The whole module
consists of three files: **ugui.c**, **ugui.h** and **ugui_config.h**.

## µGUI Features
* µGUI supports any color, grayscale or monochrome display
* µGUI supports any display resolution
* µGUI supports multiple different displays
* µGUI supports any touch screen technology (e.g. AR, PCAP)
* µGUI supports windows and objects (e.g. button, textbox, checkbox)
* µGUI supports platform-specific hardware acceleration
* 16 different fonts available
* cyrillic fonts supported
* TrueType font converter available ([https://github.com/AriZuu](https://github.com/AriZuu))
* integrated and free scalable system console
* basic geometric functions (e.g. line, circle, frame etc.)
* can be easily ported to almost any microcontroller system
* no risky dynamic memory allocation required

## µGUI Requirements
µGUI is platform-independent, so there is no need to use a certain embedded system. In order to
use µGUI, only 3 requirements are necessary:
* a C-function which is able to control pixels of the target display.
* a C-function which is able to flush the framebuffer to the target display(See `CHANGES.md`).
* integer types for the target platform have to be adjusted in ugui_config.h.
